BUGS

 SQL calls. Refactor Event Filtering from Ruby->ActiveRecord
	Full + Tipped bool on events model

Cron jobs environment set to production, don't know how to change, but still getting some output (pg_dump and also Event.check_tip_deadlines executing when dev server running.)

Time Zones are causing the event-by-day logic to be off (starts_at is reading from UTC 0, not offset by 500 even though it knows that is there)
Make sure events always get served in time order
	** Just going to set all for CST (-600) for now
	see: http://databasically.com/2010/10/22/what-time-is-it-or-handling-timezones-in-rails/

Only showing events that start on the day... don't know what to do for longer than 1-day things... but not really core

Time Zones- breaking things into correct day and displaying time correctly.

What do we do with already finished events in a given day?
	Probably gray them out but still display? Or should we take them off the calendar as they're mostly irrelevant (but they still help for finding friends, make calendar more busy for better or worse)

AFTER LAUNCH
maybe_events doesn't work with (full-calendar) scope calls on after, before

With notifier for event_noncritical_change, which means any update to event other than starts_at, it will send even if nothing was changed but the edit/update controller action was called...

double-creating events by hitting enter twice (when trying to specify duration)- all buttons

populating database is not creating because "Validating plan id is not there" (we solved this before by putting @event.save, and assigning an ID. I tried removing that and adding one and not the other.)

not getting events on calendar -- js errors - looks like something is wacky from some of our URL streams

google icon is tiny and squished

With notifier for event_noncritical_change, which means any update to event other than starts_at, it will send even if nothing was changed but the edit/update controller action was called... AND need to add to comment#create when we make that

If event is tipped once it can still untip- not currently notifying on that... do we want to allow it? or maybe up until 2 hours ahead of time?...

double-creating events by hitting enter twice (when trying to specify duration)

Event create, isn't validating starts_at and will have fixnum problem if min/max aren't set

flash success message upon successful creation of event with event details

manage followers/following: 
	when unfollowing -- should double check or say undo, or flash that you unfollowed them.
	follow button not working

want to destroy events after they have passed... or at least destroy RSVPs / invitations, to maintain the tables- maybe store on some hard disk somewhere for records

Week always shows Sunday-Saturday on current week

If event is full, just not showing it in maybes right now

--------In event controller viewing logic
	doesn't show if somebody has made an event but un-RSVPd
	also, is adding event multiple times to JSON feed if more than one friend is RSVPd... does this matter?

home.html.erb - current user relationship list building to not count followed_id nil relationships, because when we're building one to fill in with form it's breaking otherwise

