Payment gateway

 	payment strategy
 		peer-2-peer (attendee => host)
 		monthly payments to venues. . .
 	
 	ticket redeptions strategy -- bar code
 		barcode reader app (for doormen)
 		#snowshoe 

 	box office strategy
 		ipad app
 		email signup


-----------------------------------------------------------------------

Vendors:

ticket creation/authentication
box office behavior

-----------------------------------------------------------

doorman screens and methods
generate qr code that is a url only readible by the creator of the event
return true or false 
mark that its been used now 
and checked them in to the event 
(Build a test for this?)


Close Viral Loop
	google contacts
	twitter authentication

Marketing
	Add hashtag to get instagram images from / tweet about the event
	add meetup api

Medium UI improvements
	fix alert and add error styling
	add beautiful dialogue box for confirm to join event
	http://snipplr.com/view/29911/javascript-alert-and-confirm-dialog-the-fancybox-way/
	Message a single RSVP or invited person

More Events:
	Recurring Events
	Mobile local registration

lists
		Required contribution checklist
		in place of rsvp
		something to contribute (good or skill or cash)

Make money
	Payment gateway
		Deals
		Public member
		Upgrade account

	map view / list view / forecast built / 14 day forecast
	checklist - easy to plan hard things to plan.

	See old plans/ideas and be able to easily 'resurface' them, with guests as invites (in lightbox or some other way than scrolling back in calendar)
	
	OldEvents model that holds events so that main searching doesn't have to handle larger array


AFTER BETA LAUNCH
	
-------- Features To Add ------

	payment gateway

	1. subscribers ?
	2. offers accounts
		a. event.offer?
		c. background image on event
		d. percentage structure (per users)
		e. PCI compliant database (spreedly core call paypal to setup escrow payments)
		f. tip-by date
		g. price

	4. 3 types of events
		1. Optional contribution checklist
		 	pop up as optional after RSVP button

		2. Required contribution checklist
			in place of rsvp
			something to contribute (good or skill or cash)
			pay through our site if cash?

		3. Commercial - payment
			pay through our site

	3. SDK - follow us on hoos.in
	3. 	Twilio:
		add phone number to user in DB
		add SMS messages to notifier
		Buy phone number
		add phone number in settings page
		add user boolean for receiving text messages
		Text message invitations to join calenshare for an event

+1 functionality (bring guests, maybe with a lightbox/drop-down on RSVP click or something)

		block emails from this user
		change notification settings
		add SMS

	MEETUP API

Make money
	Payment gateway
		Deals
		Public member
		Upgrade account

Fixes
	Groups/Lists of users ("Make selected viewed into list")
	Flag user for spam (block/ignore user)

Features

--------------------General ideas:----------------

**IDeas from Jack: community + your events, display each in different sections. Give ppl 'credits', pay one to post any event, pay five for community event. Get points for a tipped event. Events around influential ppl. ----- Feed on right side of new event with other events of same type/tag. See other e.g. soccer games/camping trips. In 'didn't tip' notifier, send other ideas.

People set a price they're willing to pay- use to get group discounts on e.g. paintballing, rent a soccer field, rent equipment. could have ppl set a max, and tip on $ instead of ppl. Get enough ppl for hockey team, 'register a soccer team', 

Venues/resorts/... can put up events that only happen if they get enough interest, or that are cheaper based on how many ppl join and thus everyone going has incentive to tell people while the place is guaranteed to make money or have no costs!!!!

More integration with facebook -- invitation creates facebook message . . . option to create facebook message / facebook event. In app app?

user experience of curating invites/groups - don't just select a new type of event
	"Make Current Selection a Group Users" "Invite Group to event"	

** Thoughts from Eve Galanter ** LOTS OF FRIENDS THAT RUN EVENTS
	Madison Magazine, brava, inbusiness date books (calendars), Isthmus
	Monona terrace, alliant energy center
	public feed: *things to do with children as a subset/category- very appealing to young families
	Greater Madison convention and visitor's bureau- *Deb Archer*
		Want to see what it looks like
		not a lot of work - easy to put on events
		Understanding of what they already do, how it will enhance rather than detract
	Downtown Madison
	Greenway station, Museums, Arts community (overture)
	Nonprofit events- fundraising events
	Greek fest, Irish fest, German fest
	Isthmus would love to talk about it


Monetization
	Individual deployments (cost based on user limit) (churches, frats, businesses) - pricing?
	Paid RSVPs
	pay structure based on # of follows.
	############Premier accounts
	BRANDED EVENT#SHOW!! OR LINK TO THEIR SITE RATHER LOCAL
	create Paid RSVPs subscription
	Logo icon on event
	preferred search
	personal calendar page (with customizable pretty header picture)
	the link of event go to the event page
	branded event pages

subdomains for every city - you can belong to multiple cities -- this strategy can be used for -- should we use heroku if we know our deployment strategy?

Marketing strategy
	private beta? 1001 ppl

NYC-inspired daily routine
	e.g. lunchtime email to gather ideas, 3pm to spread ideas, 6pm to tip

---------------------------------------------------

Adam todo from 11/12 meeting:

week of 11/12
	venue dashboard (activity)
	branded event page
	payment gateway (not worrying about tipping)

week of 11/19
	Link + image that venues can embed for hoos.in
	ticketing solution (just give names for now..)

*** adding facebook after already have an account doesn't seem to work
** have to double click all buttons with tooltips when from mobile


------- Timeline for Ludlow Thieves --------

Nov 14 - Payment Gateway - pay when you rsvp peer-to-peer w invoice at end of month - 
				 QR code generation

Nov 21 - 

December 1 - Tipping payments 

Dec 1 - Iphone/Android version 2
				doorman app 
				QR codes in user apps

Dec 2 - Box office solution

Customer Satisfaction
	Aaron contact


hi,

Over the past two months, Mike and I have been listening to your suggestions and now we are proud to say we've released a new version full of enhancements. Here they are:

1) City-Wide Ideas - Post ideas to your whole city! We decided that pretty much anyone has something to share with their city, so you can now choose to post "Public" ideas 

2) Iphone and Andorid apps in app stores -- search 'hoosin'

3) hoos.in? You are! - Your own profile page with your past ideas, and stats. For privacy your upcoming ideas are only visible to invites.

3.5) Custom Background - Now you can have your own custom background for your events and profile. Just click on your face in the upper right hand corner, select "Settings", and upload a large image (at least 1024x640 recommended) to the "Background" field.

4) Better sharing - Share hoosin ideas on twitter, facebook, pinterest, by email and by text (on mobile).

5) New Look - New layout with Vertical Scroll and More Days. Now you get 26 days of hoos.in ideas, and you can scroll vertically between them all.


kill tipping
	DONE remove from new form
	DONE tip all events in controller#create && controller#create_new_time
	DONE remove from add time form
	DONE remove the progress bar from show
	DONE " " from shield
	DONE remove tipping indications from event_details
	DONE remove tipping indications from event#show guest count