From Feedback Fiesta
----------
tooltips explaining functionality

'message attendees' functionality from inside event?

operators agreement
Terms & Conditions
email signatures
update git repo to company 

*super limited* profile- know who someone is, maybe a short blurb, lightbox?

(new feedback)
	comments up top, picture in comments.

Mike
------------

Click someone's face to find their friends too

Mailers running in background
	took this out of Procfile in favor or a resque worker: worker: bundle
	exec rake jobs:work
	Auto-scale workers

schedule tip cron job- what exactly should we do?

destroy old emailInvites and invitations

new follower email link not working

	want to destroy events after they have passed... or at least destroy RSVPs / invitations, to maintain the tables- maybe store on some hard disk somewhere for records
 
	iPhone TODO:
		Settings / Confirm viewers (3)
		Create Event (3?)
		Native/local Register User (4?)
		Style (3-4)
		Views (3-4)
			Reload eventDetails after RSVP, display different on list 
			Make sure can click through to event details more than once
			Refresh button to reload event list
			Toggling display, not just hide (bc takes up space)
		Times (4)


Adam
--------------

	Have "Good friends" where you get contacted directly/mobile when they create an invitation
	Text message reminder to go to events (twillio)
	Check lists
	Map
	Link



invite, guest list: order by ppl you already friended
facebook friends: order by ppl already on hoosin



save original and raster profile images
save original and medium promo_imgs



DONE
Create Suggestions w same columns as events
Users get boolean vendor?
User that is vendor can create suggestion and view their suggestions in a vendor dashboard
Suggestions have many children (class = Event)
If user.vendor? put link to suggestions#index (vendor dashboard) in header.
added promo_img to suggestion data structure

TODO
Add promo_img to new suggestion form and display it in the vendor dashboard and the suggestion menu

When you click clone it finds the suggestion and passes the elements into a new clone form (i.e. new event form) with suggested elements not actionable and blank elements actionable. 

when you submit it goes to the EventsController#create method that creates an event that is a child of a suggestion using the suggestion id as the parent


refactor event display methods for suggestions and events


app request

	remove permission to write to wall
	then when they want to invite folks ask for permission

Close viral loop:
	Invite friends pulls in facebook friends (FQL query for friends in city, then not on hoos.in)
	Text message ppl invitation
	Recieve an email every time an event is created
	Recieve text message reminder to go to an event
	Host can message all RSVPs, text/push/ or email
	when you comment, host is contacted text/push or email

User Helper:
def contact
	if app user => push
	elsif phone number => text
	else email
end

def remind
	if app user => push
	elsif phone number => text
	else flash notification every 15 minutes on screen of homepage, play noise?
end


Create Vendor events

views:
	Vendor Dashboard
	Vendor Events menu
		list w "more" button
	Header dropdown

Methods:
	
	Clone
	CRUD Suggestion events

Tables:

	Vendor

Models:

	Event
	Event.user
	Event.vendor



once you invite tooltips stop working

hidden settings page

add "you are now friends with x" to relationship#create.js

add face to invite email, new follower email, and confirmation email

add format.html to everything

fix alert and add error styling

make invitation email better (are ppl even using this?) Maybe a 'copy the link to this event' with pretty urls?

invite people who went to other events but without having to follow them

add beautiful dialogue box for confirm to join event

facebook friends FQL query and alphabetical and ppl on hoosin first

daily digest if new events

users are not interacting enough because
	1. they can't connect with each other
	2. They don't know what's going on
	3. Their friends don't know what their doing.


lump together hide all view all
	create routes
	create relationship controller actions
	create js files

how many facebook friends they have in their city

maps problems

remove vendor/cache gems

Chronic error message unclear, dealing with chronic errors

operators agreement

carrot next to picture
                                                           
                      
Side note: put_wall_post posts to user/feeds, which doesn’t `include a Share button. To get one when posting a link, you can use put_connections(user, “links”, hash_of_details)

P t to facebook wall . . . not for private events
post to rsvps facebook wall of friends of RSVPs


AFTER BETA LAUNCH
	
-------- Features To Add ------

	Public feed
	lists
	payment gateway

	1. subscribers ?
	2. offers accounts
		a. event.offer?
		c. background image on event
		d. percentage structure (per users)
		e. PCI compliant database (spreedly core call paypal to setup escrow payments)
		f. tip-by date
		g. price

	4. 3 types of events
		1. Optional contribution checklist
		 	pop up as optional after RSVP button

		2. Required contribution checklist
			in place of rsvp
			something to contribute (good or skill or cash)
			pay through our site if cash?

		3. Commercial - payment
			pay through our site

	3. SDK - follow us on hoos.in
	3. 	Twilio:
		add phone number to user in DB
		add SMS messages to notifier
		Buy phone number
		add phone number in settings page
		add user boolean for receiving text messages
		Text message invitations to join calenshare for an event

	Add FB events - Adam

		block emails from this user
		change notification settings
		add SMS

		AJAX
			confirmations - remove follower, cancel account
			comments
			Invitation raster
			tip!

	MEETUP API

----- Improvement Ideas ----
Forget toggle, just have an 'X' to remove any individual idea you're not interested in
	frees up space from toggle area
	better for mobile


--- 

Infrastructure
	Staging
	Tests

Performance

	benchmark 2 second page loads with #x users
	mailers
	Facebook URLs
	Ajax
	progressive page loading i.e. forecast with events after

Mobile
	Views
	Only login through fb
	New Idea
	2 weeks 5hrs/day


Get more users
	
	-Integration

		twitter authentication
		gmail authentication
		meetup API
		get FB events
		couchsurfing

	-Virality


Maintain users
	-Improved interface/design
		-Greater connectivity w friends through out platform
			Twillio
			email rsvps from comment field with checkbox
		-Improved look			
			drawn arrows
			
		-Improved UXsmoothness
			event#edit ajax lightbox
			event#show ajax lightbox/expand the idea vertically
			Make focus fall on first text field on new idea form
			List view
			- custom url w title of the event. www.calenshare/AdamBraus/Hanging_at_my_house - http://railscasts.com/episodes/314-pretty-urls-with-friendlyid

		-Performance (zippiness)
			Optimize ajax to call for less data
			make it so you only call for the @city_friends once from the database

Make money
	Payment gateway
		Deals
		Public member
		Upgrade account

Fixes
	fix timezone
	all events already over turn grey
	If event is full, just not showing it in maybes right now - show as full
	Agent call - if android/iPhone download our apps	
	toggling faces on and off goes back to today and doesn't move the orange rectangle
	keyup character counter in idea
	Mobile local registration
	Recurring events
	Groups/Lists of users ("Make selected viewed into list")
	Flag user for spam (block/ignore user)


Features
	payment gateway
	public feed
	map view / list view / forecast built / 14 day forecast
	groups/lists
	checklist - easy to plan hard things to plan.

	What do we do with already finished events in a given day? - grey out the past
	Probably gray them out but still display? Or should we take them off the calendar as they're mostly irrelevant (but they still help for finding friends, make calendar more busy for better or worse)
	
	google calendar "add this to hoos.in".. and ADD THIS TO GoogleCal for rsvp'd events!

	See old plans/ideas and be able to easily 'resurface' them, with guests as invites (in lightbox or some other way than scrolling back in calendar)
	
	OldEvents model that holds events so that main searching doesn't have to handle larger array

Node Satisfaction:
	guest list

	

	SQL Table maintenance; mainly destroying events after they are done, but transferring data somewhere in a reasonable format for conducting analytics

	hide event/recurring event

	copy evite

	List view of events/ 3 week 5 week view of events calendar


LOW PRIORITY 

	Add google calendar socket - as 'busy'
	Map of all events? - hyperlocal NYC thing
	refactor error messages as partial
	library of icons -flush out use cases -sports, games, booze, playdates, 


--------------------General ideas:----------------

**IDeas from Jack: community + your events, display each in different sections. Give ppl 'credits', pay one to post any event, pay five for community event. Get points for a tipped event. Events around influential ppl. ----- Feed on right side of new event with other events of same type/tag. See other e.g. soccer games/camping trips. In 'didn't tip' notifier, send other ideas.

People set a price they're willing to pay- use to get group discounts on e.g. paintballing, rent a soccer field, rent equipment. could have ppl set a max, and tip on $ instead of ppl. Get enough ppl for hockey team, 'register a soccer team', 

Venues/resorts/... can put up events that only happen if they get enough interest, or that are cheaper based on how many ppl join and thus everyone going has incentive to tell people while the place is guaranteed to make money or have no costs!!!!

More integration with facebook -- invitation creates facebook message . . . option to create facebook message / facebook event. In app app?

user experience of curating invites/groups - don't just select a new type of event
	"Make Current Selection a Group Users" "Invite Group to event"	

** Thoughts from Eve Galanter ** LOTS OF FRIENDS THAT RUN EVENTS
	Madison Magazine, brava, inbusiness date books (calendars), Isthmus
	Monona terrace, alliant energy center
	public feed: *things to do with children as a subset/category- very appealing to young families
	Greater Madison convention and visitor's bureau- *Deb Archer*
		Want to see what it looks like
		not a lot of work - easy to put on events
		Understanding of what they already do, how it will enhance rather than detract
	Downtown Madison
	Greenway station, Museums, Arts community (overture)
	Nonprofit events- fundraising events
	Greek fest, Irish fest, German fest
	Isthmus would love to talk about it


Monetization
	Individual deployments (cost based on user limit) (churches, frats, businesses) - pricing?
	Paid RSVPs
	pay structure based on # of follows.
	############Premier accounts
	BRANDED EVENT#SHOW!! OR LINK TO THEIR SITE RATHER LOCAL
	create Paid RSVPs subscription
	Logo icon on event
	preferred search
	personal calendar page (with customizable pretty header picture)
	the link of event go to the event page
	branded event pages

subdomains for every city - you can belong to multiple cities -- this strategy can be used for -- should we use heroku if we know our deployment strategy?

Marketing strategy
	private beta? 1001 ppl

NYC-inspired daily routine
	e.g. lunchtime email to gather ideas, 3pm to spread ideas, 6pm to tip

---------------------------------------------------
